# Naughty/Nice List with Blockchain Investigation Part 2

**Difficulty**: :fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star:<br/>
**Direct link**: [blockchain.dat](../artifacts/objectives/o11a/blockchain.dat)<br/>
**Terminal hint**: -


## Objective

!!! question "Request"
    The SHA256 of Jack's altered block is: 58a3b9335a6ceb0234c12d35a0564c4e f0e90152d0eb2ce2082383b38028a90f. If you're clever, you can recreate the original version of that block by changing the values of only 4 bytes. Once you've recreated the original block, what is the SHA256 of that block?


## Hints

??? hint "Imposter Block Event - Tangle Coalbox"
    Shinny Upatree swears that he doesn't remember writing the contents of the document found in that block. Maybe looking closely at the documents, you might find something interesting.

??? hint "Unique Hash Collision - Tangle Coalbox"
    If Jack was somehow able to change the contents of the block AND the document without changing the hash... that would require a very [UNIque hash COLLision](https://github.com/cr-marcstevens/hashclash).

??? hint "Blockchain ... Chaining - Tangle Coalbox"
    A blockchain works by "chaining" blocks together - each new block includes a hash of the previous block. That previous hash value is included in the data that is hashed - and that hash value will be in the next block. So there's no way that Jack could change an existing block without it messing up the chain...

??? hint "Minimal Changes - Tangle Coalbox"
    Apparently Jack was able to change just 4 bytes in the block to completely change everything about it. It's like some sort of [evil game](https://speakerdeck.com/ange/colltris) to him.

??? hint "Block Investigation - Tangle Coalbox"
    The idea that Jack could somehow change the data in a block without invalidating the whole chain just collides with the concept of hashes and blockchains. While there's no way it could happen, maybe if you look at the block that seems like it got changed, it might help.

??? hint "Blockchain Talk - Tangle Coalbox"
    Qwerty Petabyte is giving [a talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rLMl88p-ec) about blockchain tomfoolery!

## Solution

Solution here...

!!! done "Answer"
    fff054f33c2134e0230efb29dad515064ac97aa8c68d33c58c01213a0d408afb
