# ARP Shenanigans

**Difficulty**: :fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-regular-star:<br/>
**Direct link**: [santamode-arp terminal](https://docker2020.kringlecon.com/?challenge=santamode-arp&id=475c8240-6269-4adb-88cf-3a6db20664fa)<br/>
**Terminal hint**: [Scapy Prepper](../hints/h9.md)


## Objective

!!! question "Objective"
    Go to the NetWars room on the roof and help Alabaster Snowball get access back to a host using ARP. Retrieve the document at `/NORTH_POLE_Land_Use_Board_Meeting_Minutes.txt`. Who recused herself from the vote described on the document?

??? quote "Alabaster Snowball"
    It seems that some interloper here at the North Pole has taken control of the host.

    We need to regain access to some important documents associated with Kringle Castle.

    Maybe we should try a machine-in-the-middle attack?

    That could give us access to manipulate DNS responses.

    But we'll still need to cook up something to change the HTTP response.

    I'm sure glad you're here Santa.


## Hints

??? hint "Sniffy - Alabaster Snowball"
    Jack Frost must have gotten malware on our host at 10.6.6.35 because we can no longer access it. Try sniffing the eth0 interface using `tcpdump -nni eth0` to see if you can view any traffic from that host.

??? hint "Embedy - Alabaster Snowball"
    The malware on the host does an HTTP request for a `.deb` package. Maybe we can get command line access by sending it a [command in a customized .deb file](http://www.wannescolman.be/?p=98)

??? hint "Resolvy - Alabaster Snowball"
    Hmmm, looks like the host does a DNS request after you successfully do an ARP spoof. Let's return a DNS response resolving the request to our IP.

??? hint "Spoofy - Alabaster Snowball"
    The host is performing an ARP request. Perhaps we could do a spoof to perform a machine-in-the-middle attack. I think we have some sample scapy traffic scripts that could help you in `/home/guest/scripts`.


## Solution

Solution here...

!!! done "Answer"
    Tanta Kringle
